hey guys um today I want to show you a
few new custom peroneus ok here is DJ
pon3 and eyes and half a glasses but
they broke actually just repainted my
original DJ pon-3 toy and we like we
made the hair see and my dad got a new
Fluttershy toy and I thought it sorry i
styled her hair and to make her a
flutter spy
I might make a dress with the sewing
machine or just get another Fluttershy
but my original Fluttershy that I had
with the clay Here I am I turned her
into the M needs a zombie Fluttershy so
yeah um that's the tail which I will
show soon because it still has to bake I
put some clay stuff owner used hair gel
you can see your like how this turned
out and you can see she has the crystal
ponies shaped eyes
and as you know Pinkamena in painful
love well she's going to change because
my dad got a new pinkie pie I made
Pinkamena evil smart creepy eyes and
she's really bloody the tail it's got
some blood in it which is just paint Hey
the main has some paint in it you can
see I used hair gel on them too
so you can see the difference the hair
the way it looks and this is actually a
custom well it actually is but I made it
at a friend's birthday party it's um a
pottery thin and then I just painted it
I didn't make it I just painted it it's
a warrior doggy
oh hi pinky Meena or whatever it's a
warrior pom
got a scar on I scar on the other high
colour I kind of did a bad job right
there part bunch of scars and it's
glossed you can see so yeah this I'm
working on um flowers boksoon for the
painful love pop quick soon probably
I just might make a dress with the
sewing machine or just get another
fluttershy and make it with clay
sorry go to dry through so but